♪ Super Monsters
Super Monsters ♪
♪ Super Monsters ♪
♪ We're Super Monsters
We're human in the daylight ♪
We become monsters at night ♪
♪ Sun down
Monsters up! ♪
OK, Grrbus,
let's make sure you are
in tip-top shape
and ready to go to the park.
Windshield wipers.
Check.
Headlights.
Horn.
-[horn honking]
-[children gasp]
Good evening, kiddos.
Hi, Igor.
Are you getting Grrbus
ready for our field trip?
Oh, where are we going?
I thought we might take Grrbus
to the park later tonight.
He's all set and ready to go.
Hello, Spike.
Hi, Esme. Guess what?
I haven't taken a bath in...
One, two... Three days!
Don't you like taking baths?
Nuh-uh.
Hi, guys! Wait for me!
Esme?
I'm afraid my little dragon
is a little stinky dragon tonight.
Well, Spike isn't
the first preschooler
to decide he doesn't like baths.
I hope he changes his mind soon.
Nobody likes a smelly dragon.
[Cleo sniffing]
What's that smell?
Ew, it kind of smells like--
[Cleo sniffing]
Moldy cheese?
Ogre feet!
[Drac sniffing]
Toasted toadstools?
[Spike laughing]
No!
It's not feet or cheese
or toadstools!
It's me! I stopped taking baths!
Really? Why?
Because I don't like them.
You don't like baths?
I love bath-time!
Me too! I like to splash.
A lot!
[Frankie laughing]
Well, baths may be good
for Super Monsters like you,
but I'm a Super Dragon.
And I've decided dragons
don't need baths!
Well, there is one thing
you all need.
Sun down!
[all]
Monsters up!
Drac!
Katya.
Lobo!
[howls]
Frankie!
Zoe.
[music]
Cleo!
Spike!
[all]
Super Monsters!
Grrbus go!
-Hi, Glorb!
-[Glorb chirping]
Wow, Glorb! You smell
worse than Spike!
Really?
Lobo's right!
You smell terrible!
[Glorb sniffing]
Sorry, buddy, but you need a bath.
Glorb's just like me.
He doesn't like baths either.
Don't worry, Glorb.
We can not like baths together.
[Glorb chirping]
[Glorb sniffing]
[Glorb sneezing]
[Glorb chirping]
Everything's ready!
It just needs one more thing.
Bubbles, bubbles, soft and puffy.
Make Glorb's bath time
fun and fluffy!
[Glorb screeching]
[Henri laughing]
[Henri purring]
Ta-dah!
[Glorb laughing]
[Henri meowing]
[Henri purring]
[horn honking]
[Glorb chirping]
Well, you two have made
quite a mess.
[everyone sighing]
I was going to ask Grrbus
to take us to the park tonight, but,
I don't think I can see
out the window to drive.
Grrbus muddy.
I'm very sorry my kitty
got you so muddy, Grrbus.
Wow, Grrbus, you're even dirtier
than me!
Maybe Grrbus needs a bath!
Good idea, Frankie!
Maybe Grrbus doesn't want
a bath!
But he's super dirty!
And he needs a bath!
Well, kiddos,
why don't we let Grrbus decide?
What do you think? Grrbus?
Would you like a bath?
Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
Grrbus, come back!
Don't worry, Frankie.
Grrbus won't go very far.
He knows he shouldn't drive
in the street by himself.
See? Grrbus doesn't want a bath!
Oh, but Grrbus,
you'll be extra shiny!
Uh-uh.
It might help you "vroom" louder.
Vroom, vroom.
I'll draw a picture of you
when you're all clean and shiny.
We can hang it in the classroom!
OK!
[children laughing]
Are you sure you don't want
to help give Grrbus a bath, Spike?
No, thank you, Esme.
I don't like taking baths
or giving them.
OK.
Grrbus? Are you ready?
[horn honking]
Don't worry, Grrbus.
The water is nice and warm.
Oh!
Careful, Spike. You might get a bath
by accident!
[Drac and Spike laughing]
♪ Bring on the bubbles ♪
♪ And monster fun ♪
♪ It's super soapy bath time
For everyone ♪
♪ Monster-sized suds
Is where we want to be ♪
♪ It's splash time, laugh time ♪
♪ Super-soapy bath time ♪
♪ Super Monsters
Love to get clean ♪
Hey, guys!
Aren't you going to wash his face?
That's next.
And his back bumper too.
Are you sure
you don't want to help us?
It'll be more fun with you.
-Please.
-Come on!
-[Frankie] So fun!
-[Katya] Pretty please?
This sponge is very squeezy.
[Grrbus makes noises]
♪ Bring on the bubbles ♪
♪ And monster fun ♪
♪ It's super-soapy bath time
For everyone ♪
♪ Monster-sized suds
Is where we want to be ♪
♪ It's splash time, laugh time ♪
♪ Super-soapy bath time ♪
♪ Super Monsters
Love to get clean ♪
[wolf howling]
I've never seen Grrbus so clean
and sparky!
I think we missed a spot.
Can you give me a lift?
Sure thing, little buddy.
[Spike laughing]
Oh!
-What?
-[Spike and Drac laughing]
Oh, no! Did I break it?
No, Spike.
Grrbus is fine.
Those are Grrbus' wings.
Grrbus has wings?
[Igor]
Yes, he does.
But I haven't seen them
in a very long time.
When Grrbus stopped
going to the car-wash,
his wings got so dirty
that they stuck to the roof.
[everyone laughing]
Oopsie.
You mean our super-scrubby,
super-soapy bath unstuck his wings?
Of course.
Does that mean Grrbus can fly now?
He might. If he hears
the magic words.
What do we say?
[Igor clearing throat]
Grrbus in the bright moonlight,
spread your wings in monster flight!
[all] Grrbus in the bright
moonlight,
spread your wings in monster flight!
Vroom, vroom, vroom!
[door opening]
-So exciting!
We're all buckled in, Grrbus.
And ready for take-off.
Vroom, vroom.
Grrbus fly!
Oh, look! There's my house!
Hi, house!
[Zoe] The library looks so small
from up here.
Luigi's pizza smells delicious!
[Lobo sniffing]
[Lobo]
Even way up here!
Hello, carousel ponies!
[Cleo]
Is that the sun way over there?
Yes, it is, Cleo.
The rising sun looks different
from up here.
But, it still means that it's time
to head back to school.
Grrbus fly home!
[everyone laughing]
Thank you, Grrbus.
That was fantastic!
Here's the picture I made for you.
What do you think?
Grrbus clean.
I'm happy you have your wings back.
[Grrbus honking]
Esme. I don't want to get so dirty
that my wings get stuck like Grrbus'.
I can't do my flap-hop glide
if my wings get stuck.
I love my flap-hop glide!
More than I hate baths.
Sun up!
Drac!
Katya.
Lobo!
Frankie!
Zoe.
Cleo!
[roars]
Spike!
[all]
Super Monsters!
Grrbus!
Mom! Can I take a bath
as soon as I get home?
Please?
Of course you can!
Do you know the super-soapy
bath time song?
I'll teach it to you!
[Spike laughing]
The tomatoes are
almost ready to eat.
[Frankie chewing]
So are the carrots!
Frankie. You're supposed to wash
the carrots before you eat them.
[Frankie laughing]
Don't worry, Zoe.
The carrot was from my snack box,
not the garden.
[Igor humming]
You kiddos have become
excellent gardeners.
I didn't know digging in dirt
could be so much fun!
I like digging in the dirt!
And I like helping make things grow!
And the best thing
about our night garden is...
How amazing it looks at night!
[Frankie and Zoe]
Sun down!
[all]
Monsters up!
Drac!
Katya.
Lobo!
[howls]
Frankie!
Zoe.
[music]
Cleo!
Spike!
[all]
Super Monsters!
[Lobo laughing]
[Drac and Igor laughing]
Oh, those purple flowers
are pretty.
What kind of plant is that?
That's Wolfsbane.
I planted it for my abuelita.
Look at how big this glow-melon is.
I love glow-melons.
They're so sweet and tasty.
And glowy!
Can we eat that one now?
I wish.
But it isn't ripe yet. It needs
more moonlight.
Ah. I like gardening.
But I don't like waiting.
Katya. Don't you have a spell
to make our garden grow faster?
Sorry, Drac. My magic
doesn't work like that.
Witches have to be patient,
and wait for their gardens to grow.
Just like everybody else.
Well, maybe not everybody.
I don't think you'll have
to wait much longer.
Those fruits and vegetables
are almost ready to eat.
They are. But we still have
a lot of work to do.
If we work together, we could
get it done fast, fast, fast.
Come on, everybody, let's go!
[Lobo howling]
[plants singing]
♪ Here with my friends ♪
♪ Working together, we have fun ♪
♪ Come give a hand ♪
♪ That is the way
We get things done ♪
♪ Working together ♪
♪ We're Super Monsters
Here we come ♪
♪ Growing together ♪
♪ We work and play
That's how we get things done ♪
♪ Done, done, done ♪
-Good work, everyone.
-How about some play time?
[all]
Yay!
[children laughing]
[Frankie]
Oops.
Wait a minute!
What happened to those beans?
Something's been nibbling them.
Maybe it was a caterpillar.
But a caterpillar can't eat a
whole melon. Can it?
[everyone gasps]
Someone couldn't wait
for snack time.
Was it Lobo?
He likes green beans.
Yeah. But he doesn't like
glow-melons.
Hey! We've got raspberry worries!
[Lobo howling]
Oh, dear! I think we have
a nibbler in our garden.
-A nibbler? What's that?
-What's a nibbler?
A nibbler is a garden pest
that keeps nibbling and nibbling
until it's eaten everything.
I don't see anything.
Nibblers are very good at hiding.
They're hard to find.
And even harder to catch.
But as long as the nibbler
is hiding, it's not nibbling.
And that means the garden
is safe for now.
[everyone cheers]
We need to catch that nibbler
before it eats the whole garden!
But how can we find it?
We don't even know
what it looks like!
I bet we can figure it out.
We just need to find
the right clues.
Hey! I found my boomerang!
Woo-hoo!
Oops! Sorry!
Oh, Glorb!
You're supposed to catch
a boomerang. Not chew on it.
Hmm.
Those bites don't look
like Glorb's teeth.
If it wasn't Glorb,
-maybe it was...
-[all] The nibbler!
Hey! We found a clue!
Big teeth.
[Cleo] The nibbler's been chewing
on our jump rope!
You have to be really strong
to chew through a jump rope!
Big, strong teeth.
Oh, no! The nibbler ate your basket!
And my flowers.
It must like the way
flowers smell!
I bet it has a really big nose.
A big nose.
This could be the nibbler's hair!
Wow! It must be really hairy!
And super-tall for its hair to be
caught in those branches!
Tall. Hairy.
OK, everybody. Based on our clues,
this is what the nibbler looks like!
[everyone gasps]
Now we just have to find it!
[everyone agrees]
Check out the fog! Hahaha!
[Katya chuckles]
Even more mysterious.
[animal noises]
Did you hear that?
Did you see that?
That was Dr. Jekyll.
It seems Bubble and Trouble have
disappeared from the petting zoo.
Bubble and Trouble? The wing goats?
I wonder where they could be?
What?
Hear that?
It's the nibbler!
[Lobo sniffing]
[Lobo] It's the wing goats
from the petting zoo!
[Goat bleating]
[all]
Aww, cute!
[Goat bleating]
-That's Bubble!
-And that's Trouble!
Bubble and Trouble are the nibblers!
Do you think so?
How could those two little
wing goats make so much trouble?
And how could they eat so much?
I'll call Dr. Jekyll and let her
know we found the wing goats.
Tell her we'll bring them back
to the petting zoo.
Just as soon as we catch them!
Come on, you guys!
[goat bleating]
-[goat jumping]
-[Katya gasping]
Oh, come back here!
I've got him!
Where'd they go?
I see them!
-[Spike] Where are you?
-[Frankie] Hey!
Under there!
Hey! Haha!
You want to race?
You two sure are fast!
But no one's as fast as me!
[goat bleating]
Huh?
I've got this!
[goat bleating]
[Lobo and Frankie laughing]
You are very naughty
little wing goats!
[wing goats yawning]
Don't be mad, Zoe.
They wing goats where just doing
what goats do.
They eat everything!
Hey!
[everyone laughing]
Time to take these little ones home.
[Grrbus honking]
[goat bleating]
I'm so glad you found
these two before sun up.
Thank you.
Hello, you little mischief makers!
We brought you some fresh veggies
from our garden.
And flowers too!
Oh, no!
Did Bubble and Trouble do that?
They did.
Wing goats really do like to nibble.
And they really like all of you.
We like them too.
You're welcome to come back
and visit them anytime.
[everyone cheers]
[all]
Sun up!
Drac!
Katya.
Lobo!
Frankie!
Zoe.
Cleo!
[roars]
Spike!
[all]
Super Monsters!
[children laughing]
♪ La la la la la la ♪
♪ Super Monsters
Super Monsters ♪
♪ Super Monsters ♪
♪ We're Super Monsters
We're human in the daylight ♪
We become monsters at night ♪
♪ We're kids who want to learn
And help each other grow ♪
♪ There's magic in twilight ♪
♪ That's when we start to glow ♪
♪ Sun down
Monsters up! ♪
♪ I'm Drac, flying fast ♪
♪ Cleo, wind power
Spike, fighting clouds ♪
♪ Zoe, zombie vision
Lobo, super speed ♪
♪ Katya, magic spells
Frankie, stomp ♪
♪ We're Super Monsters
Monsters! ♪
♪ Monsters!
Until next time we monster up! ♪